billing: pay by ach transfer (#22473)
docker/docs: content/manuals/billing/payment-method.md

3. Select **Payment methods** from the left-hand menu.
4. Select **Add payment method**.
5. Enter your new payment information:
    - If you are adding a card, select **Card** and fill out the card information form.
    - If you are adding a Link payment, select **Secure, 1-click checkout with Link**
    and enter your Link **email address** and **phone number**. If you are not
    an existing Link customer, you must fill out the card information form to
    store a card for Link payments.
    - If you are adding a bank account, select **US bank account**, enter your

>     **Email** and **Full name**, and **Search for your bank**. To verify your

Reviewer: **nitpick:** I would highlight that if you don't see your bank on these 6 big logos, then `Search for your bank`, because I totally missed that I can search for other banks 😅

>     **Email** and **Full name**, and **Search for your bank**. To verifiy your

Reviewer 2: spelling

>     bank account, see [Verify a bank account](manuals/billing/payment-method.md#verify-a-bank-account).

Reviewer: **question:** Does the App UI prepopulate the Email and Full name fields based on what the customer inputs in step 2, Billing?

<img width="1442" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-24 at 3 31 55 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bbfcaa30-82d8-49f8-a7f3-aa5ae95c0713" />

<img width="1442" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-24 at 3 32 13 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/639ecb8f-cba6-4313-9d14-802d819aacf1" />

Author: updated this to "verify your email and full name"

6. Select **Add payment method**.
7. Optional. You can set a new default payment method by selecting the **Set as default** action.
8. Optional. You can remove non-default payment methods by selecting the **Delete** action.

> [!NOTE]
>
> If you want to set a US bank account as your default payment method, you must

> > verify the account first.

Reviewer: **sugession:** Maybe move it to its own section that covers how existing customers can switch it:

- before an existing subscription renews 
- during upgrades
  - add more seats
  - switch from monthly to annual cycle
  - upgrade tier from Team to Business

    and enter your Link **email address** and **phone number**. If you are not
    an existing Link customer, you must fill out the card information form to
    store a card for Link payments.
    - If you are adding a bank account, select **US bank account**, enter your
    **Email** and **Full name**, and **Search for your bank**. To verify your

>     bank account, see [Verify a bank account](manuals/billing/payment-method.md#verify-a-bank-account).

Reviewer: **nitpick:** same as above.

{{< /tab >}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Verify a bank account

There are two ways to verify a bank account as a payment method:

- Instant verification
- Manual verification

### Instant verification

To verify your bank account instantly, you must sign in to your bank account
from the Docker billing flow:

1. Choose **US bank account** as your payment method.

> 2. Enter your **Email** and **First and last name**, and **Search for your bank**.

Reviewer: **nitpick:** I believe `Email` and `First and last name` are prepopulated.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a629b976-86da-4702-9d3a-17c4bc22d6db

> 3. Sign in to your bank and select **Agree and continue**.

Reviewer: **nitpick:** Maybe worth mentioning what the customer is agreeing to.

Also, Stripe sends them `Confirmation of the mandate, per Nacha requirements` email.

![Screenshot 2025-04-24 at 3 12 36 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1c72514e-32b0-4120-aff6-1dc136887c1e)

4. Select an account to link and verify, and select **Connect account**.

When the account is verified, you will see a success message in the pop-up modal.

### Manual verification

> [!NOTE]
>
> You may have to use an alternative payment method until your bank account is

> > manually verified. Manual verification can take 1-2 business days.

Reviewer: **issue:** That sounds confusing, because if the customer wants to use ACH transfer, it must connect a US bank account and finish the verification process. Using card or something else will abandon the bank process.

> You can also manually verify your bank account using micro-deposits:

Reviewer: **suggestion:** What if you try to rephrase it a bit?

```suggestion
To verify your bank account manually, you must enter the 6-digit code from your bank statement:
```

1. Choose **US bank account** as your payment method.

> 2. Enter your **Email** and **First and last name**, and **Search for your bank**.

Reviewer: **nitpick:** same as above regarding `Email` and `First and last name`.

3. Enter your bank details: **Routing number** and **Account number**.
4. Select **Submit**.
5. You will receive an email with instructions on how to manually verify.

> Manual verification uses micro-deposits. You should see a small deposit in your

Reviewer: **nitpick:** maybe add example of how small they are 🤷🏻‍♂️ In my case, it was just 1 cent.

```suggestion
Manual verification uses micro-deposits. You should see a small deposit (e.g. `-$0.01`) in your
```
